delete manually-maintained contributors list & add approval details in governance doc (#1447)
chaos-mesh/chaos-mesh: GOVERNANCE.md

# Approving PRs

PRs may be merged only after receiving at least two approvals (LGTMs) from Committers or Maintainers. However, Maintainers can sidestep this rule under justifiable circumstances. For example:

- If a CI tool is broken, may override the tool to still submit the change.
- Minor typos or fixes for broken tests.
- The change was approved through other means than the standard process.

# Decision Making Process

> Ideally, all project decisions are resolved by consensus via a PR or GitHub issue. Any of the day-to-day project maintenance can be done by a [lazy consensus model](https://communitymgt.fandom.com/wiki/Lazy_consensus). Community-level decisions such as:
> 
> - RFC approvals (see below)
> - Modifying GOVERNANCE.md
> 
> must be brought to broader awareness via communications such as community meetings and slack channels and supermajority (2/3) approval from Maintainters is required.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ideally, all project decisions are resolved by consensus via a PR or GitHub issue. Any of the day-to-day project maintenance can be done by a [lazy consensus model(https://communitymgt.fandom.com/wiki/Lazy_consensus).
Community or project level decisions such as RFC submission, creating a new project, maintainer promotion,  and major updates on GOVERNANCE must be brought to broader awareness of the community via community meetings, GitHub discussions,  and slack channels. A supermajority (2/3) approval from Maintainers is required for such approvals.
```

Author: @yeya24 PTAL:)

Reviewer 2: Thanks for the work. This looks perfect!
